You beggar
How dare you curse our Su family?
Did I say in case?
Don't get excited, I'm not in case
I'm going to check in now
Wait for me to come over with the contract and gag you
Then wait and see.
Xiao Chen, why don't we go back?
We've all come this far, wait a minute
What are you waiting for?
Come back and tear your face?
Hey
The behind-the-scenes boss who sent 10,000%
I don't like these heretical ways that go through the back door.
presumptuous
Waste son-in-law
Dare to curse again
Believe it or not, I'll slap you
Grandpa, I'm sorry.
Don't be angry.
Miss Su, our boss in Wancheng is a low-key person
I didn't come to the scene of the investment promotion meeting today.
What? I thought I'd see him.
But our Tang always learns from you personally
Is Mr. Tang the richest man in his family, Tang Long?
Yes, except for me.
Did Mr. Tang personally meet the others?
No, your situation is special.
It was named by the richest man in the Tang Dynasty to meet in person
Su Wanqiu, wait for me to take back the occupancy agreement
I will make you kneel before me